Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Angelina C: You sorry about this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, well it you know it worked out fine. We had a backup plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's, it's no big deal. I guess I would say
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe just asking me say, Hey, do you have another day because I understand doctor's appointments and if there anything like mine, they always take longer than we think. And
Angelina C: I was there, you text me this morning and I was already there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, I
Angelina C: waited and waited and finding. I said, I have another appointment to be at nine. And now, sorry. We're backed up. They wanted my blood work and all that done, and I was trying to get my UAE done before I came in this morning.
Angelina C: And it took, I, I didn't even get it to finish the appointment. So that's what I was like I'm hurrying. But then I got she I'm just gonna go down to try quarter day to do the drug test, even though they're going to do one Friday to so
Gwenevere Abriel: See, that's just now was this where you were going with this, a lab we doing something for Breitbart health
Angelina C: Um, well, I was trying to I was because I was going to my doctors, how to get a doctor's note to go to work, Sunday, I was so sick.
Angelina C: So I went to get a doctor's note. And then they're like, well, you got to get the blood work done. You got to do this and I was like what I said I wasn't expecting this. So,
Angelina C: It just took forever. And I felt so bad. So I'm just going to go down to try quarter day to get the thing and I rescheduled for Friday. So it's like I kind of missed out on box, but I thought I'd get home in time.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we'll just, you know, sometimes doctors appointments are like that. So we'll just do our best to try to schedule on days that there's not a conflict.
Angelina C: Why wasn't supposed to. I had it set yesterday and I was there forever. That's what was wrong. And so they rescheduled me for this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Craziness.
Angelina C: Yeah, so I apologize. Normally I don't schedule them on the days I have with you guys, or even that close so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no worries. And that's just, that's okay. We're all right so I'm going to open up a note here. Well, in doing that. Let's get you in a place where I can actually see your face, you have backlighting which means I won't be able to pick up on subtle aspect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Angelina C: Oh good, better here. Maybe I can come down here.
Angelina C: Is that a little bit better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, no. Let's do this. Um, so here's what's ideal and you want to have nobody to look me right in the eye, if you, if you could, you want to put books underneath me. So on propped up so that you could conceivably if we were looking, I don't, I wouldn't be able to
Angelina C: It's too far. Okay, I'm just gonna be
Gwenevere Abriel: Better though was better.
Angelina C: Yeah, how's that, okay, better, better
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what am I on right now that maybe I could come up, maybe four or five inches. What am I on right now my
Angelina C: First aid kit.
Angelina C: Your table, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, books, maybe I'm thinking, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's worth you're worth the effort. You know, you might as well get the most out of this.
Angelina C: Oh, I really
Angelina C: Enjoyed last session. That's why I was like, no.
Angelina C: And then we've got signed last night at work.
Angelina C: I looked down at my break at eight. And usually I have one before. Then I was like, Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so beautiful that is so much better. Okay. So, yep, turn it so just the top of your head then. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Okay, right there, think that down a little bit. I really just want to see top of the head and as much of the body as possible in case we do any breathing kind of exercises and all
Angelina C: That kind of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. Right there. Okay.
Angelina C: Justin.
Gwenevere Abriel: You work so hard for that too. I love it. Okay, so let me get a little date in here. Today's the fourth minus will say Merry Christmas to you because it feels like it's gonna be December before
Angelina C: No, I know. I don't know why times fine so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same. Alright, so let's go to let me see, what did I do last time. Did I teach you can I teach you the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm so glad
Angelina C: I've used it to I used it yesterday at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was someone being kind of rude and nasty around you.
Angelina C: What this one girl tries to be the boss and the boss, isn't there, kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Angelina C: She's like, You can't do that. You can't do that. And I was like, well, my boss hasn't told me anything yet because my boss that don't just tell her. No, that's not
Angelina C: You do your side, I do my side and don't switch. So I just kind of was like, Okay, what are breathing and
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it. I love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, I love it, I love it, and you're going to have access to that with all kinds of uncomfortable moments.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again, just to reinforce it's biology is going to help and it's going to help being able to remember. Other things that you might be learning in here and so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a nice little segue to let's do some imagery. Let's pull in some imagery and but first I want to check in with you and see what
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already played with because I know you were getting services with other people. So I want to check and see
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have already come up with a safe place, you may have already come up with a mantra that you like sort of a positive self appraisal, you may have already come up with some things so I kind of want to check in with you and see if you've already done some of that.
Angelina C: I didn't really honestly i when i was there in 2016 I am
Angelina C: I didn't really believe like I guess I needed to be in there, kind of thing. Yeah. But when I was towards the end. My main thing at first was to stay away from my husband.
Angelina C: And that was the hardest for me. So those were the things we were kind of working on and and yeah I had a safe place to go if I started feeling uncomfortable. Yeah, we did that kind of stuff. But I, I really didn't take it serious really really cut this last year when
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you. So it's like in one ear and out the other forgotten.
Angelina C: I know, but I just didn't. I don't know. This year I took it a lot more serious. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it. Well, I'm glad I'm getting to meet you. Now I'm taking it in. So this is cool. Yeah. So, so far what we've learned is
Gwenevere Abriel: The breathing exercise the belly breathing was remembered and you did it. And that's what we want. So that's fantastic. So we did actually, I can see that we did a little bit of imagery. We set up some some pieces already over here. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to do something else with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: This one is potentially more in quite a bit more intense. And this has to do with it's not pulling back a lot of memories, but it is a tiny bit. It's pulling up a memory of an age it's pulling up, not the story of that age, but it will it will
Angelina C: ask of you to remember it for a moment and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe even but not. You don't have to tell me what was going on. That's your choice.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it also may pull up maybe a nickname that you were called at that time. And then there's a couple questions throughout the activity if we get that far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it can take three or four sessions to do this particular exercise, but it's worth. Once you really get it. It's like, Ah, nice. So
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I call this is an anchor room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reason I call it an anchor room is because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to hear when we do the exercise. It's attached to this home that you're in right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is the life you're living. It's not some future life. It's not the past and this is it even if you're staying in this place for two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what you got today. So I say let's take what we have right now and let's add on another resource another space, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this, again, is is capitalizing on right brain activity on imagination, but you're probably going to be tempted like most people are to dip into an actual memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll be tempting for you to want to say, well, no. The room was pinky was pink. It was pink. Well, that's not what is being asked what's being asked is,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you need it to be today that's different, not remembering it was pink or rather I really like blue
Gwenevere Abriel: I like my room, blue, and that's what it is. So be really careful to not force, just because it doesn't match a memory that's not what we want. What we want is getting your needs met in this room, exactly what you need right now.
Angelina C: Let me grab a Kleenex real quick.
Angelina C: Yes.
Angelina C: Sorry, sorry.
Angelina C: Well,
Angelina C: Phoenix.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tend to make people cry in here so it's probably good to have handy anyway.
Angelina C: Because they're my nose is just been running so bad, like really bad, like a faucet. They put me on allergy meds, but I didn't take them this morning because I didn't know if they were really working because I'm still sick, so I quit taking them, but my nose is just awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's so there's going to be this is different than talk therapy. It's a little different in the sense that we're normally. Let's say you would say, oh I on the spot. My friend did this and then I say, oh, well, maybe you could try
Gwenevere Abriel: This out and I wonder what your underlying thought was or feeling. This one's really different. This one heavily relies on my next question.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just
Gwenevere Abriel: You answer uncensored your first response and your first response might be in the body. That's fine.
Angelina C: Too.
Gwenevere Abriel: By be an emotion and might be a memory that's all good. You can't, you can't do any of this wrong. You're going to stay away from the client to do it wrong.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could ask a dumb question, I can get it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have you're going to, you're going to be fabulous so
Gwenevere Abriel: But the reliance on my next question is my point. You're going to answer and then I will have another question. So we'll let my next question be the guide. It's not analysis where you go into this long story about why you think you just said what you said, We won't be doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just going to rely on, you're going to be your here's my answer. And then I'm going to have another question. And then you're going to answer and then I'm going to have another question, it's going to kind of go like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. Um, and we'll get further into it, the more we can do it with that volley. Here's my response. Now what's going to your next question, we're going to kind of do it like that. Okay, and see where it takes us
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, it's uncensored
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Another one. Um, you know, that should be enough.
Angelina C: Let's create like
Here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like you to think about something where you still feeling stuck, kind of like I've been trying to solve this problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: For example, I'm impatient, I get really impatient. When I see people aren't taking something like like I'll making up a story. So I've got a kid, right, and my kid doesn't look like he's concentrating and he's being silly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I lose it. I yell throw the papers everywhere. I don't like that about myself. So I want to work on that that and I've been trying. I tried medication. I've tried meditation. I've tried yoga. I've tried self talk. I'm trying to breathing nothing seems to help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be I'm stuck. I'm stuck because it can't seem to keep it together around my irritability and
Gwenevere Abriel: I would be an example. Whoops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to turn it on.
Angelina C: A do not. Yeah. Look, I
Angelina C: Can hardly hear you want it does that hold on now, it shuts off the audio. So if we put it on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do Not Disturb I think it'll stop doing that to you. I think
Angelina C: I think there's like a do not disturb you still have it completely turned off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Do Not Disturb earnest and so little moon on mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
You'll be back.
Angelina C: Are you there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test, test, test, I'm here.
Angelina C: I don't know what it's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its back its back.
Angelina C: Its back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're back. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Okay. So in other words, basically what I'm getting at is what is it that you kind of want to address through therapy. What's kind of bothering you still maybe it's a mindset. Maybe it's a belief, maybe it's self esteem. Where are you feeling kind of stuck.
Angelina C: Um,
Angelina C: I feel where I feel stuck, I think, is my anger issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it is. OK.
anger issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: And thinking back to the most intense or sometimes they're not the same. So,
Angelina C: Early on, soon. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm see if you want
Angelina C: A suit. There you go. I cannot see you're pushing on my button.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see if you can think back to the earliest age were
Gwenevere Abriel: On get settled. Okay, so picture right now just now, you're like, oh, I think it's my anger issue right so you picture that one and then track it backward. Did I have it five years ago to have it 10 years ago. Did I have it 1520
Angelina C: It started about 10 years ago. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that puts you at 35
Gwenevere Abriel: So go inside and I want you to see. Now dip into 34
Angelina C: I was happy. Oh, okay. I was happy.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, something happened that age 35 that's really where it stands out. And there's not this sense that that irritability was not present in the 20s. It was not there in the teens was not there. And in early childhood.
Angelina C: No, I used to be get along with everyone.
Angelina C: So sweet now.
Angelina C: It's changed anger.
Angelina C: But I know what that wasn't was caused by just hurt.
Angelina C: And infidelity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when you say it's an issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: Infidelity maybe over like that event is over.
Gwenevere Abriel: But still there. Is there anger nowadays. Like, even at work, is it seemed like you're angry.
Angelina C: It has but um
Angelina C: I don't really get angry like that as much as I did my youngest
Angelina C: And I were living together in this little studio and when we didn't get along. I flipped one day.
Angelina C: And she calmed me down so much. I thought, This isn't worth it. After my car X all this stuff. And so now it's just getting through with my husband. Now he's on the road for six weeks in Texas, and that's really trust hard for me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, it can't quite hear how
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. My you can't hear me.
Angelina C: I can hear you. There you go. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me a sense one more time about how anchor shows up haven't quite heard it, how it shows up in your life these days maybe give me a recent example last 30 days. How does it show up.
And
Angelina C: Say for example, were at my daughter's I taking my husband to go get his drug test for his work, and he was all nervous when I was driving bit it blew out into a huge fight and it's still brought it back home here into a huge fight and I'm never aggressive like that, but
Angelina C: I just feel like the step little things we fight about like that. We can't even go to town to have a good time it like that kind of stuff. And then he blames it so it's all meat. No, I'm not saying that, but I'm not gonna sit here and let you walk all over me either.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see where that moment actually happened, you're in the car.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said or did something to remember what it was.
Angelina C: Yeah, the way I was driving and
Angelina C: tell you where to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait. Was he criticizing your driving
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Where to go
Angelina C: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the emotion you felt when you were criticized for your driving. What was the
Angelina C: Alert like
Angelina C: You're already going to start this. We haven't been an Albuquerque this long to see the kids and it always happens around my older daughter seems like
Angelina C: Or when we're at her apartment and see. It's hard, cuz he
Angelina C: I don't know. I just don't understand why you know like he blamed like because, see, when he did have kind of expanded you and he did something to me back.
Angelina C: What was 16 years ago now, my daughter 16 but it was 16 years ago. He had a girlfriend and it was a stripper. And I haven't run into her out here still
Angelina C: Okay. It was a stripper. He literally was taking my oldest over there with him writing are four wheelers and all this and she had two girls and
Angelina C: Then three years ago, I tried getting over him and I went and slept with somebody like a stupid THINKING I CAN GET OVER. Well, it didn't happen that way it's been World War three. After that, yes. Okay. I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing that happened 10 years ago was it the infidelity.
Angelina C: Yes. Okay. I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm getting an idea now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the thing
Gwenevere Abriel: This substance use started, how long ago.
Angelina C: I have all my back. I've been on those for a long time, but I haven't. I was on them for at least 1516 years but I've been off of them since 2015 clinics. I was really in the rehab.
Angelina C: Because only thing I was on was value. And when I was going in there was a benzo so it wasn't really oh and I smoke.
Angelina C: Pot for the pain. That's the only two things I was on when I went into rehab. So it was the domestic violence class. They were really wanting me to take more because of my anger and the fights that I got in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm trying to see the domestic violence.
Angelina C: But I the, a lot of the drug use or opioid use and drug use is what caused a lot of our fights, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the domestic violence piece was more than 10 years ago.
Angelina C: Yeah, it was when Mikayla was 16 that's when it started, but it just seems like it got worse and worse until he finally broke down and then I started crying. I moved my step out of the room.
Angelina C: And it's like, I don't understand. But then he's like, I'm so sorry. That's not what I want. But
Angelina C: It's finally, the first time I saw emotion from him, I guess. Normally, it's the anger part and then I leave, I don't like to be around that. I just want to be happy. And so I'll leave
Angelina C: And I'll go live with my mom and I kept doing that with Michaela and so McHale and I got really close, and he didn't like that, but he went for a stage that
Angelina C: That kind of hurt me because he was like acting like he didn't want nothing to do with Michaela so it broke my heart.
Angelina C: And she's the youngest and they used to be best, best friends. I mean, they were the best of friends. You can separate those two and now it's just kind of like he's finally getting that back now that we're living together. But now he's gonna be on the road again for told me
Angelina C: He's going to be on the road again for six weeks and the place he went was Dallas and that's where he moved to when he left me. So I have a really hard time with that.
Angelina C: With the strippers and stuff but
Angelina C: Let's see if he's just real serious this time, you know, because it's just, it's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to get a picture of where to start. That's what I'm up to
Angelina C: I felt bad Rebecca was the same way, like, hold on just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to the domestic violence for a second. I just need
Gwenevere Abriel: Your how old you were when that was going on.
Angelina C: Well, when it first actually started
Angelina C: Is the first time when we were drinking and
Age.
Angelina C: I have to say 21 my because I already had Patricia. She was a year old. So I was 21 when it started.
Gwenevere Abriel: And prior to that, when you work backwards and you say, how I was at 20 and how I was at 19 and how I was a 17 your ability to maybe tolerate something similar like someone criticizing something or someone telling you what to do. You notice you were very different. Yeah.
Angelina C: I wasn't really a fighter and I felt that hurt from when I got hurt from him.
Angelina C: But, and that was what was hard because it's still never proven, but I had a girl friend and Albuquerque that liked one of his friends and she was my best friend since kindergarten.
Angelina C: And he went over there. One day I wasn't there. And she and she brought him home and I was hurt and then that's
Angelina C: Like the first. I felt the anger, because before I used to be like the peacemaker don't fight. It's okay, don't worry about it, you know.
Angelina C: We'll get through this. But once I felt that true hurt. It's like it hurt. And I didn't know how to handle it then. And then as the years go on, you know, he's 653 hundred 80 pounds.
Gwenevere Abriel: benzo us for just a moment. I'm I need to still keep doing some investigation here. So the benzo use the value. When did you first little were you diagnosed with something for that was treated with the value
Angelina C: And my mom disagreed, but I was off all my medications at the time. We didn't even know I had lupus at this time.
Angelina C: It was in 2016 when I went to rehab.
Angelina C: Is that what you're meaning.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not coin try
Something here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back a little bit. Ah.
Angelina C: Look at your
Gwenevere Abriel: Bio psychosocial because something's Canfield saying, Oh, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I'm
Came in
And who did you meet with initially
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your bio psychosocial
Angelina C: I don't think I've had a BIOS
Angelina C: I just started seeing Rebecca
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that that would be really
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you did. You had one with Jessica on October 23
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me look at that and get a sense of something here. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have a history of some
Gwenevere Abriel: Really sort of a scary time in your life. I'm not sure. Something about I took penicillin and there was a suicide attempt in the past when. How old were you when that happened,
Angelina C: The suicide attempt to happen in 2016. That's what I had to go to rehab. The first time and that's when they put me because they wouldn't diagnose me because
Angelina C: The I'm and I should say this. I just don't think I got along with that doctor at all. But I was really domestic violence in there. I've been through my cup of the doctors told. Get out of my room.
Angelina C: I was fighting in there. And so they made me apologize to everybody and go to rehab.
Angelina C: But I was in so much pain this is before we even knew I had lupus. They just said I had they were thinking, I said Ms. I've been to the doctors. They couldn't figure out what's going on with me. And so I felt like they were judging me thinking. I was just in there to get pills.
Angelina C: Because that day. They gave me a oxy cotton in the emergency room of 50 milligram, but after that I hadn't had anything. And then I went
Angelina C: They put me on value. And when I came out.
Angelina C: And then when I went in, they said they couldn't see me because I had, I was on benzo so I didn't even know what the heck I was doing. I was so lost but
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so say Mary just
Angelina C: Come right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just reading. So we're okay. Just checking on something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so your family history. I'm having to read because I didn't do this assessment with you. You're the context of your childhood is I think your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Suffered from alcoholism. Is that right,
Angelina C: Yeah. Well, she was a lesbian, too. And that really took a toll on my brother night because they were drinkers.
Angelina C: And I saw him beating up my mom in the park. I mean, it was bad hurt my mom drink and drug abuse were younger. When I was in kindergarten before we moved out here in fourth grade. So there was a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you say, Did you just say I saw my mother being beaten
Angelina C: Oh yeah we stopped my brother and I saw her on the front lawn. One night I wouldn't woke him up crying and she was beating up my mom on the front lawn.
Angelina C: Then there was another time at the baseball fields these girls got her and I was so scared. I didn't know what to do.
Angelina C: But me and my brother were there and see my brother was raped when he was younger by the same guy that we used to go to the pool with that. They called him, Mr boozer from church. He was from church. And so he got raped so
Angelina C: Sex isn't a thing in my life and I I could live without it. I don't know if that makes sense. Like right now at my estrogens at zero, but I'm on blood clot medicine, so I can't take anything
Angelina C: I tried black costs that didn't work. But anyway, I just don't have that sex drive, so I don't care. You know what I mean. So that makes it hard in the relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's both take a deep breath. Nice. Inhale, and we'll do some of that right now. Let's see if we can get
Angelina C: It to this this exercise together. I think have enough information.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's breathe in through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Exhale out
Gwenevere Abriel: One more time in
And then exhale
And easy
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want to add is I'd like you to take your right hand, and I'd like to put your hand on something. Maybe it's a towel can be anything can be a pencil or pen, put it in your right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: And close your eyes and I want you to describe how it feels. Only adjectives that come from your tactile experience in your right hand smooth rough
Angelina C: Cold
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, keep going, keep telling me.
It's rough
Angelina C: bumpy. I just keep cranking it real hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's solid
Angelina C: Solid. There you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your eyes. Let's do this one. I want you to use as many adjectives as you can. But the only thing you can do not labels, but only information you're gathering from your eyes.
Angelina C: It's not a rock, a crystal. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a label move on.
Angelina C: What else do you stick a mountain. It looks like a pretty crystal mountain
Gwenevere Abriel: That's also a late data coming in from your eyes would be brown shiny.
Angelina C: Oh yeah, like a crystal Lee. Okay. Ron shiny white Chris Lee.
Angelina C: Keep going, smooth or
Angelina C: Rough hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Okay. Close your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to tell me only data coming into the ears.
What do you hear with the ears.
Angelina C: My daughter's radio really far away.
Angelina C: Me playing with the cow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know hung from a fan or
Angelina C: No, I have it all quiet in here. I turn everything on
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to pay attention to smell. See if you can get. Soon as I said it Medea notice
My perfume.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring your arm up to your, to your shoulders. You can get some fabric in there to see if you smell anything from the
Angelina C: Fabric do so.
Angelina C: I showed her
Angelina C: Beautiful. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to pay attention to what your mouth to taste. This is the hardest one to get to see, see if you can find a late
Angelina C: I have a medicine in my mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Medicine. You can taste the better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's nice. And notice how your body feels right now, after we've done this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm relaxed that I just did another grounding exercise with you. It's called grounding in the five senses when you notice that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: In any kind of disrupts
Gwenevere Abriel: What can be really helpful. It's especially helpful to get the item in your right hand. If it's a tactile so it can be a blanket. It can be something right next door.
Gwenevere Abriel: Especially if you're having an intense emotion. You can go to the freezer and put a piece of ice in your right hand that activates
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only like you're using distraction to sort of describe what you're feeling but it activates the left side of your brain, which is the one that has language that sort of organized and structured and want to get out of this emotional side.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to activate because our left side of our brain controls the right side of our body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So ironically when we're thinking and paying attention to what's going on in our right hand, we're getting. We're going to activate
Gwenevere Abriel: The left side of the brain, which is more organized more methodical and has a little bit more of this sort of reasoning and sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: logic to it. Whereas the right side is where we store all those emotions. So when you're having a big emotion might want to give that a try, and we did it in vivo just now, and you had a little bit of a were able to kind of bring that intensity down a little bit.
Angelina C: Yeah, nice. You can already tell when I get like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's, that's your life and I want you to be able to decide, well, maybe I want to chat about what's on my mind. I like it, but not be a victim to it like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have any say maybe I only want to talk about one story because it might rob you
Gwenevere Abriel: have opportunities to be listening or taking in new information. Maybe it's an environment in a classroom or something and you want to be hearing what they're saying. And you might be missing out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So we did that. Now I have a much better understanding we completely went left when I was going originally right but it's been so helpful to me.
Angelina C: So thing stories.
Angelina C: Really, and that's what's why I didn't take it honestly so serious in 2016 I think because I didn't trust the counselor. So you guys are the first ones I've trusted. Yeah. Oh, that's why. Now I'm taking a lot more serious this last June, when I tried killing myself to
Angelina C: In June, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and this, this, this. And so let's
Angelina C: Just year
Angelina C: That's why I came across, they gave me you guys because I wrecked my car, I told a girl hit me hit on texting a 17 YEAR OLD IN MY Audi.
Angelina C: So I told that lost my job. It was just a mess. I lost my apartment so it would just went downhill from there. So I took some medicines and I just am puzzle on that came by and I wasn't answering the door so they call the permit it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: And in any of your injuries in your life. Did you ever experience a traumatic brain injury. Have you ever had brain injury anything
Angelina C: I don't know if it's when I wreck on the floor like what I had record on the board with my helmet went completely around, but I've never been checked for it, they just kept looking at my neck for it. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's get back into this exercise, we won't get all the way through it but that's okay. We can start, but we've got this idea
Gwenevere Abriel: Of anger, and I can tell you don't identify with anything before this sort of situation right around 21, it sounds like. But when I investigate a little further. There is some history of anger being in front of you in a really violent way you've seen it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: To it and had a sense of helplessness around it. So although you're not identifying from the feeling. You've seen it.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's going to get into much, much, much earlier. History
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me ask you something underneath the current anger, the one that you recognize that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oftentimes anger secondary it protects us from getting hurt again.
Angelina C: Hold on. Excuse me.
Angelina C: With my collar.
Angelina C: Yeah, because we have to be i'd i
Angelina C: Let her get her shoes. Sorry.
Angelina C: This is my daughter Michaela
Angelina C: Say hi, real quick, yeah I
Angelina C: Just said it right here. Don't grab it. Thank you. I have to keep the door closed as a cat times all over me when I'm only on this.
Angelina C: Sorry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Voice or something. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So underneath.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Typically underneath anger is another emotion.
Angelina C: might hurt. Honestly, like it goes anger and then hurt and I calm down. But before I just be hurt and get over it right away. Now it's like it just sticks to be sometimes. Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, everything you said. Makes sense. Absolutely. Makes sense. So let's understand that that initial hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were in the car. First we're going to try and understand that a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to understand it more so when he criticized you're driving
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see this is a quick quick answer. Do you see any problem with your driving. Is that something that you kind of identify yeah I'm not the best driver. Sometimes they screw up whatever
Angelina C: Yeah, he has always been like a kind of a backseat driver. But the first thing that popped in my head. And I'll be honest with you is like do treat other bitches like this when you were with them. That's what came to my mind.
Angelina C: came out of my mouth you treat other bitches like that that drive you around, you know what, when and then when he that's what got it into a big old thing and then
Angelina C: All his us for his CDs. He's always been so product they're always clean and he kept saying, I don't know what so foggy. He goes to my daughter and stuff.
Angelina C: Thinking, I gave him something like just pissed me off like so it went from there. And then we were supposed to stay there that night and I was ready to go home. I left them there before. I'll go home at a so he just told me that
Angelina C: We could leave and i just i i don't want to have to go through the skin. I've been pulling Michaela in and out of schools, back and forth, you know, so it's just not fair to her.
Angelina C: We can stay here. All I have is the electricity to pay which barely I can get by on that to get caught up in the food, but he's not going to be here, but that I think is a lot of my I'm trying to trust a lot. I have bad trust issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's let's stay right here. If we can stay with want was sounded a little bit like
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: disrespected in the car, like do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me. Yeah, well, kind of drive
Gwenevere Abriel: So my being disrespected. Are you respecting those other bitches. Well, you're disrespecting me. And so, is that something close to what you're feeling
Angelina C: Exactly what I'm saying. Because like he was staying at his friends. He went to Albuquerque. One night, just to go because he does a lot of security or body guarding so he went in this night to go to the casino with them and he didn't come home for four days.
Angelina C: So that kind of stuff right there just makes me assume that way. Why you know these it gets because what you said. And I said, Yeah, but you're not answering your phone usually answers his phone all the time for me. He wouldn't answer his phone. He'd call me. It was just weird. All right.
Angelina C: I need
Gwenevere Abriel: To ask a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you just say that you're at risk, plus or minus
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you at risk of having to move
Angelina C: If things don't go well here again. Yeah, but he's not even here though now so hopefully not but
Let me say what
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to hear that I need to really hear how critical, his way of speaking to you is because if we're about to get up and leave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relocate water which restart our life. Again, if it's that intense. I want to know about it. And that's not so I really wanted to get a good reading a temperature reading on how important his opinion is of you.
Angelina C: While
Gwenevere Abriel: You might get up and leave if what
Angelina C: He said if if the student on me again. I won't be with him.
Angelina C: And the way he talks me. He's been a lot more
Angelina C: After our last big blow out. He's been a lot better. But I don't know if he's just happy because he has a job.
Angelina C: Like, say for example, this morning, it kind of hurt my feelings. I've been the only one working now my checks are only 500 every two weeks. And so
Angelina C: It's okay, because all I have to do is pay the electricity but like He paid the cell phones today but like he's like I just made 703 days. And I'm like, it just hurt my feelings.
Angelina C: Why didn't know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, tell me why of what for the phones, tell me.
Angelina C: Because I don't see why he has to compare. I mean, I could go back to nursing, but I wouldn't be happy.
Angelina C: And I can make more money.
Angelina C: But he wasn't complaining when he didn't have a job, you know, it was getting us by, like, and then he turned around and said, you know,
Angelina C: All the little bit helps. Don't get me wrong, but just a little bit. It kind of hurt my feelings, because I've been pulling us through this whole time he just started work last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So what you heard was not
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't understand why you're not paying more towards other things but you went to that there's something
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of with you.
Angelina C: Um,
Angelina C: It just, I felt personal because it's kind of like he's so happy you got $700 in three days if he's even telling me the truth. See, I don't even know.
Angelina C: And I know I shouldn't like it's been, I've been trying so much harder not to pull my kids into it. You know what I mean. Cuz MacOS and I are all we had for the longest time
Angelina C: And I know she's sick of it all the years being pulled back and forth going and
Angelina C: I really thought this last time I was done, I got my own place. I was buying a car. It's just been really hard.
Angelina C: It just hurt my feelings, a little bit this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start with trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know. I want to know what you trust about yourself, don't answer right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put a nice long beat before you before you answer it nice and quiet. Just sit with it. This is really an important question.
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay stay with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be more answers that will come with the quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: I trust about myself that I am
Angelina C: Trustworthy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else
Angelina C: I wouldn't hurt or harm anything to her relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm trustworthy. So, for a lot of people I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trustworthy is I will do what I said I will do. I can provide reliability consistency and therefore I'm trustworthy. What I say is what I do. Is that how you define trust very
Angelina C: Much. Yes. Okay. Like, I feel so bad, like I spent $100 on myself and I feel so guilty.
Angelina C: And I feel it. My daughter's like mom don't like I feel so guilty and I don't know if it's a mom thing still or what, but I felt so bad you know we haven't had money and I haven't like the first paycheck. I want to do. You know, it's just hard. You know, I spoke guilty. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I've got I'm trustworthy. That's a sense of who you are. So just now I caught something else important. So we're going to put a pin in the anchor room for a while until I get a sense of where there's some grounding here because
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: I already have trustworthy. What else I'm going to hear some of the positive attributes about you.
Angelina C: I haven't really I respectful.
Angelina C: I have a big heart. I'm lovable. I'm not, you know, I'd love to let people and
Angelina C: I'm just, I don't know. I mean that's and that's one thing too. I think that scares me is I don't know myself like I used to. Or maybe I never have. Do you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right then. That's why we're kind of putting a pin in this other activity because I'm starting to pick up on.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's almost like as soon as you touch on one thing. It's like hot surface and then it reminds you of this other thing. And then there's this other thing. And there's this other thing, and this is
Gwenevere Abriel: All connected and it's got all of these intense feelings. So I wanted to kind of see where you are in sort of space, you know where your shirt.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I am trustworthy. I'm respectful and I'm lovable. So notice that you jumped off there also really fast and then you started to say, Well, I don't know if I ever thought that. So that's why I said to go nice and slow in here. It's a time where we take
Gwenevere Abriel: What normally
Gwenevere Abriel: We go very fast and we deconstruct it and we analyze little bits and important pieces of it so so kind of close your eyes and I'll do the same. I'm not staring at you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to sit here and I'm going to think about what I like about myself and I want you to think about what you like about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of do that I'm going to do the same thing will have what's called mirror neurons and we'll be doing something in parallel together. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice thing that answers are coming that awareness of kind of things that you like about yourself are showing up in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Trustworthy still in there.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: While draw a lot about is respectful.
Angelina C: Are you respectfully. Yes. Yes, indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are loving are lovable both one of the other
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, lovable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay what else showed up.
Angelina C: Just
Angelina C: I don't. There's really not anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to really hone in on
Gwenevere Abriel: lovable. I want to be really sure. That's your word. I am loving
Angelina C: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You're sure
Angelina C: I'm more loving or lovable, I guess they're both two different things. So I'm I'm pretty much folks I'm, I, I can't, I don't know, maybe not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what makes you doubt and I don't know which one is going on. Let's stay right there, nice and slow. Well, makes you flip flop. A little yes I'm pressing on it which because you said both and they are different.
Angelina C: Because I'm so lovable to my kids and my grandkids. I'm so
Angelina C: I'm loving to them.
Angelina C: But when it comes to other things. Like, I mean I love Paul with all my heart. He was a my high school sweetheart.
Angelina C: I still love him the same like my heart's with him, but
Angelina C: I feel
Angelina C: This is kind of childish if he does something to me, I would turn around and do it to him. And I'm not like that anymore. I could care less if he's going to walk and do something. I'm okay.
Angelina C: You know, I'd be me Michaela have gone before. And we were happy by ourselves, but she wanted to come home out here to be with her dad and but she doesn't want to be without me either, you know,
Angelina C: So it's i do i when it comes to my credit kids and my grandbabies there's nothing I wouldn't do if I could do it, but
Angelina C: In like when I had nursing. I loved all my old people. And that's why I think for 25 plus years. I've always been secluded just with my old people during the day I'd work, live ins and everything with them, but I was making better money well $300 more than I make now but I told
Angelina C: My youngest that I'm sorry, she's like, Mom, don't worry about it. Like last night they they walk down to my work at 10 and surprise me and I feel that
Angelina C: All I put towards her right now is me like my daughter is grown my oldest she has her kids so it's time to concentrate now on her in the love ability. I have for my kids.
Angelina C: And Paul I really, you know, I want our family to work, but it's gonna come a point that I just, I'm scared. Kinda
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mind works very fast. You have a lot of connections to different feelings different images different thoughts, it moves very fast. What are you at your best at solving problems.
Angelina C: Um, and this is what's so strange is there's this this one girl at work and her mom's a schizophrenia. Just for example.
Angelina C: And I feel I give her advice I've worked with schizophrenia and it's hard. It's not easy and being raised like that so i i feel like i give out better advice than I take
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Do you remember my question.
Angelina C: Of when do I feel more comfortable when I give people advice and can help them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't say, when do you feel most comfortable
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no didn't do anything wrong member, you can't do anything wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just notice how I had asked a question, and it was forgotten almost immediately.
Angelina C: Yeah I noticed that a lot lately.
Angelina C: I do
Even at work.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's put beats, which means time let's at least have this between what you hear and how you respond. Let's give it time because it might be that the first response might not be the one you want to say. So let's, let's put a little bit of beat and I'll do the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, I'm going to do it again. This is what I asked you. I said, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: When do you find. You're really good. When are you at your best at solving problems. Don't say anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means, again, you're going back into the self, you're turning inward and you're remembering when you liked
Gwenevere Abriel: It, you were solving a problem like oh I'm good at this.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Angelina C: I feel like a lot of work. I've accomplished because it's something totally different than nursing my deal with the money and stuff.
Angelina C: So I feel it's taken me a lot longer to learn to, I don't know why, but that's where I feel proud of myself where I I am making accomplishments that I can do it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, I haven't heard it quite yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking for an environment. So I think I heard something. Let me check it out when it's new. I like solving new things. I like learning a new skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: learning something new and tell me a problem that you solve that you're proud of when you were at work recently that you solved it, and you're you liked it. You like oh, look how smart I am. I'm so old. I pulled this resource. And this one I knew just what to do. I like me.
Angelina C: I just did that yesterday because of my drawer. I was only 17 cents off and I'm the one that always has been screwing up the drawers.
Angelina C: To close it and I done it every night. And so I feel very proud of myself that I've come this far. It's taken me a minute, but I'm proud of myself for solving that like getting through it without having. Anybody else have to help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kept my drawer almost exact yeah
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not $1 over not $1 $20 over under only by 17 cents. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you do that.
Angelina C: I I I I you know I stayed by my draw. I worked my draw a lot last night, instead of cleaning as much as I still not feeling too good, but
Angelina C: I just did my drawer all night and I just made sure I was on it because nobody else like this one girl.
Angelina C: That was there last night. Like, don't touch my door, but she could. It's okay to touch mine. So I was like, you're not touching my door either kind of thing like
Angelina C: You want the same respect and respect other people with their drawer. So I just pretty much stayed on my drawer and I closed down my drawer last night just fine. I still proud of myself for the first time I didn't need any help or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: You realize the state by it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That ruled out. Anybody else messing with the money so that you could rule out whether it's your accounting and things like that. Do you to do anything else that you're aware of, to make sure that that door was on point.
Angelina C: I'm just, I just pretty much and I put like you're supposed to make $100 step before the night and I had plenty to do that.
Angelina C: I had seven safe drops last night. So that's how you know usually have three or four. So I had seven safe drops. So I was on my dress register like almost all night. So that's what's nice, you know,
Angelina C: Usually, you'll have one or two drops. If you're working both registers at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna give you an example of what I was searching for just now. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: I count back every single time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I count back. I have a system they give me 20 I count back. Okay. It was 465-466-6768 and here's five years 10 years 20 I haven't routine. I do it exactly the same way account back to them every single time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that way I have a double check to make sure I'm checking not only when I did it over here at the register, then I make them hear it go. I'm actually counting it backwards. That's what I was expecting to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: I was trying to see if you're aware of what you're doing or how you've accomplished being able to get your door straight like that with all of those drops, which is a really hard thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I was curious to see if you knew incrementally, some of the cool things that you're doing to make sure that your drop is on point.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see an example, good one or two counting money back better. I usually carry my hand and then just hand it to them. But that's a good idea to to make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: But my point was to do an investigation about how you are success.
Gwenevere Abriel: We ended up dipping into oh I tend to retaliate, a little bit to two people. We did you see how so many things are connected for you that I wonder how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Solve problems. How you stay focused.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it.
Angelina C: I do stay focused.
Angelina C: But I noticed myself all over the place to
Gwenevere Abriel: You do.
Angelina C: You do. Oh, yeah.
Angelina C: Like, somebody asked me something at work. I'm like, ah, like what did they just say like, you know,
Angelina C: So yeah i or sometimes I hear not the same way that I guess I want them to say it, I guess. I don't know. I don't know what it is but yeah that's been something been going on for a little bit that I've noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: And your whole life for this is a recent thing.
Angelina C: Um, no, because I was really good. It's just been like the last
Angelina C: Time eight years, I've noticed I've been kind of especially last year was the worse for me. But yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing something to still accomplish keeping this job, those doors so that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working very hard to make that happen. And you have every reason to be proud of it because your mind drifts off to curious things that are somewhat connected to something and I imagine it's quite a task to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Counting while you might be talking with a customer, you have a chance of kind of miss counting and
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't do it. You stayed focused
Angelina C: Makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicely done.
Angelina C: Yeah, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one thing you can do. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying, let's put a little beat in there in between a question or response. What you might decide to do is repeat someone's question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're at, and that gives time for you to think through, and repeat sort of a wizard. This woman's asking me, I'm going to say it out loud, not the first thing that comes to mind. But I'm going to get in the habit of repeating. So you want me to go check the
Gwenevere Abriel: Drawers
Gwenevere Abriel: Go check and see if I have to repeat the question so we might do that in here to you might repeat what I said. And we get to check out if we hurt each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one thing we could do.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: slow you down a little bit and you just rehearsed the question right, then you might stay
Angelina C: On the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see you want me to go clear out the back instead your mind might go to. That's not fair. So the guy was doing it, you should remember. But that's not what the question was. You want ready. You're off the back
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: All these other things that are connected to that neural network to that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be something you could play with
Angelina C: That's I'm surprised you notice that because I noticed it, too. And at first I thought I was going crazy. And then now it's true, though I see it too.
Angelina C: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The reason why
Gwenevere Abriel: We've moved around a lot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, will be difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: To accomplish anything and I would venture to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Impossible. If we can't pick something to focus our undivided attention on we weren't able to accomplish it today. It doesn't mean we won't be able to do in the future, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I kind of let you leave you wandered into different networks kind of moving around and two different topics.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me see what it was like for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't know. It's different for me than you well.
Angelina C: It was, I know I was all it I could tell I was all over the place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you have that that we have a part of our brain called the insula, believe it or not, it's so cool. We have literally a part of our brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that is created and works so that we can actually look inward, we can feel how our body feels and we can self reflect. It's a separate place that's really a neat thing to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have that intact. You can see the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: But can you catch it. Can you intervene. Can you inhibit an impulse. That's what I wonder
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see it as it's happening. But can you stop yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you inhibit I wonder
Angelina C: I'll work on it this week I'm going to stop and think before and try it and see how it works.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or don't just whatever it's all about whether something's adaptive for you or not. But let's just see what else happens. So you said just now, I noticed I was all over.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe some other things happen to give yourself permission to kind of tracks through you know maybe as this, this little mini movie were happening in front of you walk it all the way through, see if you have a memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of some of the things we did in the early part. See if you can see it, see if your memories intact in that way. Can you see other things that happen.
Angelina C: Yeah, okay, what do you almost want to say like dysfunctional almost
Angelina C: But you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a judgment worried about it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which part seem dysfunctional to you.
Angelina C: Just kind of been all over the place. Oh, like when you asked me someone's kind of like, Oh my God, yeah. Yeah, I see what you're coming from them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But does it work for you.
Angelina C: Yeah, because I get it out like I think I've held it in for so many years that when I finally get it out, you know,
Angelina C: If it's just getting it out because I don't think I've gotten it out, I guess.
Angelina C: I don't think so. I just
Angelina C: Double it just try to get it all out in one thing and it doesn't work that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So, but that's really important because for a lot of people. It's not if they don't want us to their stories. They just want the healing.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you it might be that we take some sessions and you just talk about what happened. Your mom witnessing that you just talk about how this infidelities
Gwenevere Abriel: has affected you and I just sort of contain it and give you that space there might be some sessions where that's what we do. Is that going to be okay, where you
Angelina C: may know Rebecca started that, too.
Angelina C: I could, I didn't talk to her for a week or something that I come back in and just, just like we wait slow down a little bit. I'm trying to get it all, but I come back and be like,
Angelina C: Just trying so hard just to get everything out that happened because there's times that I couldn't talk because they he was here or we'd be in the car together writing to Albuquerque like on Valentine's. We were all that's the day it happened on Valentine's so so
Gwenevere Abriel: So I know that it will feel therapeutic for you to actually vent.
Gwenevere Abriel: may not come away with
Gwenevere Abriel: Level to get to certain exercises that you're going to be okay with that. Sometimes, is that right
Angelina C: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm asking you, making sure that's okay.
Angelina C: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, because I love hearing people's stories, I love to understand it, but I don't want you to come away thinking, well, all I did was done it, and I didn't get anything from this, so I'm checking in to see if this is going to meet your need.
Angelina C: Yeah, maybe every now and then I did it to Rebecca, a couple Jessica couple times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's schedule another time. Um, let's see I already have a little to their sweet spot. Now we're going to keep moving around hopping around a little bit here. So you think about your schedule.
Angelina C: I can do anything in the mornings really I don't know when I'm off next week, but I don't usually go to work till now.
Angelina C: At two, so
I'm
A little
Can't
Gwenevere Abriel: See anything. The only thing that I see right now, doesn't mean there won't be cancellations, but right now the only thing I see a really early morning like six in the morning, so
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're welcome to. I'm happy to do it, but I'm assuming you're not up that early
Angelina C: Well, it just, it doesn't. I mean, if that's what we have to make the right now we can do that because I've. I'm going to start still doing groups with you guys, but on Friday. I'm going to go switch over, just for the med part. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just check in real quick. And is that because you let me list the ones you can attend with I prefer strongly strength work with my clients that are in group to
Angelina C: So let me
Gwenevere Abriel: They are I have nine Monday nine in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have one o'clock on Monday I have 7am on Tuesday.
Angelina C: Let's try a nine o'clock on. Oh, but that's the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a group
Angelina C: Okay, yeah, I'm gonna play stick which I don't. It doesn't matter. Excuse me, whichever one it which everyone thinks, because I know Mondays are really full so it doesn't matter. I don't mind doing Mondays. I already have it set in my phone is it
Gwenevere Abriel: What's changing what's feeling different is your work schedule changing
Angelina C: No, I'm just, I'm I get when I usually go to work, say sometimes my meds. Don't get called in.
Angelina C: At that time, so I have to end it's okay because you're out. You pick them up the next day or something, but it's just a pharmacy ours aren't meeting with mine. So when I go like, if I go before work or something. They're not ready. I have to wait till the next day.
Angelina C: And that's not really a
Angelina C: Problem, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it is. This is part of your valuing and respecting yourself right now this has to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And in this program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you've been pretty darn careful about our appointments so far, you've been communicating and when something went sideways, you showed up here. You didn't blow me off. So that means to me. I think I can do this. I
Gwenevere Abriel: First let me finish the other appointments. I just want to finish so I can hear myself say Monday 9am 1pm Tuesday 7am Thursday 11am Friday 12pm. Those are available to you. The other thought is this
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask the physician to always add one more day, which means you show up to group, let's say nine o'clock and you know you already have one to cover you.
Gwenevere Abriel: For that day. It's not that you're short one. That means you could go that night. That means you move on to the next morning. Does that make sense you could have that one extra day
Angelina C: That's fine. I like yeah
Angelina C: I the campaign is what I really, that's why I don't want to leave you guys. That's why I want to stay with you guys. So I'm going to stay with you guys for group and counseling, but I'll just get my meds in my because even to get over here try core every time I go with the problem.
Angelina C: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm still missing something. I apologize. Something still missing. What's the real crux of the problem with the medicine you want it once a month, or I'm trying to tell what
Angelina C: Not well no, it's it she's just going to do two weeks at a time because I've been in it for so long that if I like I guess my example is, is that say if I run out. I'm okay.
Angelina C: Do you see what I'm saying. But if I have those week one, sometimes I run out, or we go to Albuquerque. And I don't get my meds till Monday or Sunday. So it's just been an odd thing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it that bright heart health physicians, the most I've ever given you is two weeks and that doesn't work for you. Try for will do something like 30 days. Is that what you're saying.
Angelina C: Yeah, but they because we were doing two weeks here and then he went back down to a week. So I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. My guess is that's because
Gwenevere Abriel: You are new here with me. So I think that's an easy fix, okay, you're okay with two weeks. All I have to do is tell the doctor 99.9% of the time he's gonna listen to me.
Angelina C: And I've always taken men here to the doctors to to let her count, like, you know, I have my meds there for her to count so she was like, I'll take you on board right away, but I will just what, that's what I was talking to you guys before I just wanted to make sure it was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you want to do if you're back to two weeks and then eventually, maybe even next month. Go to go to monthly or three weeks or something, would you continue
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, then that's that's an easy fix. It's
Angelina C: Can I still get drug test your first choice or do I need to go to the tricor
Gwenevere Abriel: That's out of my
Angelina C: Okay, I started out of mine because I think that
Angelina C: That's a hard time I'm having to is to the to the lab or I go right before work and they don't have my paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you just do a cup like I don't know why.
Angelina C: They said they've sent me one. I haven't received it still in the one they did sent me. I didn't know my mailbox was closed at one time. So they got it sent back, otherwise I would have just been waiting for it in the mail.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that will change. Once again, this isn't going to this tricor thing or whatever this lab screening is forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Shoot, I forgot my next client just showed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next to. Sorry, I'm going to text you and we'll work out a plan for our next appointment. But if you're open to six o'clock I have the 13th open little texture and see if really, you can do that.
Angelina C: Okay, yeah. Just keep in touch.
Angelina C: All right, well, my boss is calling me
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bye.
Angelina C: Thank you so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Howdy. Howdy. Howdy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's give it a try. Let's take those
Gordan Ortega: Need a second just open up a note here for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in the meantime, you could tell me a little bit. If you've been in treatment before, if so, where you went.
Gordan Ortega: To Santa Fe recovery twice. I'm just for a week long detox, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're kind of funny and group, you've got a good personality that's going to be
Gordan Ortega: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like I like joking around. I mean, it's serious business. But we got to have a sense of humor.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, definitely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, okay. Well, that was a short story. I thought you'd be telling me a longer story and I could keep opening up this document. That's it.
Gordan Ortega: No role is just to
Gwenevere Abriel: Treatment know a know any you don't have a new sponsor, nothing like that.
Gordan Ortega: Nothing like that. I'm actually in the process of looking into a different one. But it's kind of hard process to
Gordan Ortega: Get into them and stuff like that. So I'm supposed to call back tomorrow to talk to the lady and see if there's any openings. There are boy, boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that. Yeah, I think that's a residential
Gordan Ortega: Yes, and
Gordan Ortega: So in the cold in New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I feel like I've maybe talk to them, but there's a waiting list. So are you already on the waiting list.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they said, It's, what, three weeks, two weeks, how long
Gordan Ortega: Like two weeks, three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me something. When was your last use of a short acting opiate which includes heroin. Was it like a couple days ago, like how far back.
Gordan Ortega: prior to getting on this program so
Gordan Ortega: At least a couple weeks.
Gordan Ortega: I think it was February.
Gordan Ortega: 6 maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I asked because for some people, there's, it's sort of a sign when they're going through the right the diarrhea and vomiting and stuff. They're dope sick, so I'm just checking in just a light.
Gordan Ortega: No, no. Well, we know right. We can't tell, it's the same. Yeah.
Gordan Ortega: Totally
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't tell. So I thought I'd ask for some people it's like, yeah, I gotta own it. I did. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not for you got it. Okay, so this this session is going to be transcribed. So you're going to hear me say some really funky things I'm going to say please transcribe quite nice lifetime. Use the law. So that's what I'm up to
Gwenevere Abriel: help us get through this assessment.
Gordan Ortega: But before I
Gwenevere Abriel: Get into it, you basically just told me you won't be here very long.
Gordan Ortega: Well, I mean, that's all depending on that. You know what I mean. So, but I'm
Gordan Ortega: Hoping not. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What makes you think you need a residential treatment. Tell me, tell me, tell me about
Gordan Ortega: Um,
Gordan Ortega: I kind of just to get more of the time under my belt into get any more of the support and also because I'm having some legal issues to that. I'm hoping that if I go in through over there that I could
Gordan Ortega: Instead of, I mean, I could have
Gordan Ortega: Made it
Gordan Ortega: I could do the same amount of time over in a residential program and get
Gordan Ortega: Or end up going to jail for that same amount of time.
Gordan Ortega: And then it'll, it'll kill two birds with one stone. Hopefully, and help me.
Gordan Ortega: With everything else in sobriety instant
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so there's a possibility. We won't be working together very long. I want to throw something else out there.
Gordan Ortega: Yes. Okay. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously, tell us you can text me, even if it's like a last minute thing, just let me know, because then I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: See you and will think, oh, we're going to just charge him. But if I know that you're in a residential program, I can enact debate, your case. And I can tell people I can say, okay, Doc. This is what's going on. And when he gets out
Gordan Ortega: Then he'll her to resume treatment. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and then you don't have to go through all of these assessments again.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, that'd be great. Thank you very much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, and I think that might be a good fit, I'm that. So let's operate on that, that that would down the line that might be the case. And what we can do, would be kind of neat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is we can get releases of information if you want to. That's completely up to you. But that means that when you're there. Say you wanted me
Gordan Ortega: Or the docking record and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a conversation just to say, How's he doing
Gordan Ortega: I have no problem with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so we could do that. So, all right, let's go ahead and then we're going to go for it will go ahead and do this assessment today them. So the reason for the visit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the initial evaluation great will do hope your independence. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: And onset. So we're going to be spending the first little bit of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: talking only about opiates. I'm going to get into the other substances, the other mood altering substances afterwards. But first, we're just going to compartmentalize and talk about the opiates.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to sound like this age of first use progression.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much were you doing. And when was the last year. So you're going to hear that over and over and over and over. I'm going to be doing that same kind of questions for all the different substances. So how old were you when you first had an opiate
Gordan Ortega: plenty for probably 18
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what was it,
Gordan Ortega: Just a second. Sorry.
Gordan Ortega: I'm still here. Sorry.
You have children.
Gordan Ortega: I have two children, but not here.
Gordan Ortega: Um, so I was, I guess, has first taking percocet at that age, and then the progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, at its worst, how much were you doing
Gordan Ortega: Percocet.
Yeah.
Gordan Ortega: I was doing 30 percocet 30 day code on 30
Gordan Ortega: For how many months, there's a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Of years, sir. So, oh, you just said something. How many years.
Gordan Ortega: Four years but not at 18. I mean, when I was a teen only taking like port five here and there. You know what I mean.
Gordan Ortega: So until I was like 3029 or something that I
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's 29. Did you do it for
Gwenevere Abriel: 29 up until recently. So the purpose sets at that at that. How many years are you doing that amount.
Gordan Ortega: I was probably doing it from 27 to
Gordan Ortega: 26 to 28 okay and then
Gordan Ortega: Yeah. And then I switched to heroin.
Gordan Ortega: And I did that for two years until I went to prison. And when I was 3233
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And were you using in prison.
Gordan Ortega: A couple times, but for the most part, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple times. You mean months at a time or literally I
Gwenevere Abriel: Had noodles whole time, like, Tell me, what do you mean by times
Gordan Ortega: I mean, there was
Gordan Ortega: Maybe two to three weeks total in the three years that I was using anything
Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And IV use
Gwenevere Abriel: For the years
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you using intravenously starting what we know.
Gordan Ortega: Now, I started off smoking and then I
Gordan Ortega: Started using it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said your kids are not here.
Gordan Ortega: No, they live with their moms are one with his grandparents and one of his mom.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at its worst, how much her. When were you doing
Gordan Ortega: I'm smoking. I was doing almost a half ounce a day. But in the grill as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you had any intentional or accidental overdoses.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, I've had to
Gwenevere Abriel: Accidental or on purpose.
Accidental
Gwenevere Abriel: Did either both results in hospitalization.
Gordan Ortega: One of them did.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that
Gordan Ortega: Just in December or January 2019
Gwenevere Abriel: And they treated you and just charge the same day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever accidentally or intentionally had fentanyl
Gordan Ortega: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was that when did you, was it recreational
Gordan Ortega: Um, I mean I had it when I
Gordan Ortega: ended up in the hospital for counter reaction to no proxy and they put me on the fentanyl patch and then prior to that I
Gordan Ortega: Had said no pills or heroin, that was sent little based
Gwenevere Abriel: When was what, how old were you let's do it that way. How will we this
Gordan Ortega: Um, I guess the fentanyl is something that I was seeing just when I came out of prison so
Gordan Ortega: Then relapse. So probably the last year and a half.
Gwenevere Abriel: To put to like
Gordan Ortega: Age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three 334
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you like fentanyl like that is not appealing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Any cradle you ever used any of that.
Gordan Ortega: Are used at one time to kick
Gwenevere Abriel: What your
Gordan Ortega: 2018
Gwenevere Abriel: How long did you stay on that.
Gordan Ortega: I just took it one day.
Gordan Ortega: Give me from the point for when I stopped using opiates to when I could take us boxing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go into some other substances.
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first use of cigarettes tobacco.
Gordan Ortega: 10 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression from age 10
Gordan Ortega: Um, I guess I was a full on smoker, probably by the time I was 16
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were smoking half a pack or a pack by 16
Gordan Ortega: Probably half a pack maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: And currently, what's your smoking look like
Gordan Ortega: A pocket it
Gwenevere Abriel: Already is your first use of alcohol.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression from there. Was it every weekend every day.
Gordan Ortega: I mean, I had a period in my life when I was 819 or 18 I was drinking all the time. But other than that, I have only been like a binge drinker sporadically but even then I don't even do that really anymore though. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to a period of time. Looks like age 19 all the time. So it was every day to the point of maybe blacking out
Gordan Ortega: Um,
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many blackouts in your lifetime. If you had to give it a number
Gordan Ortega: I don't know, probably only about 10 and okay maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's just me.
Gordan Ortega: I don't really drink.
Gordan Ortega: I don't really drink that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever during that period of time, have to drink in the morning to get an eye opener.
No.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never say to you, Do you need to cut back and you got annoyed with them.
Gordan Ortega: I'm drinking
Gordan Ortega: Yeah. Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Never tried to cut back and you couldn't do it. It's just too hard to do it.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and at its worst
Gwenevere Abriel: On how much were you drinking
Gordan Ortega: I was drinking a fifth day
Gordan Ortega: And 232 ounce beers.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was for one year or for two years.
Gordan Ortega: And I was like, from 2005 and 2000 to 2004
Gwenevere Abriel: During the last one that you had one was that
Gordan Ortega: You can't even recall
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, any more than more than a year.
Gordan Ortega: Um,
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, I mean, I probably had a beer in the last six months, but not like to get drunk.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the last six months.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Asia first use of THC of any shape.
Gordan Ortega: 10 years old.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the progression from there.
Gordan Ortega: I smoked every day since then pretty much
Gwenevere Abriel: How much were you smoking.
Gordan Ortega: I don't know, a small
Gordan Ortega: Corner on today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And has it been consistently that, aside from your being in custody.
Gordan Ortega: Which may have just arrived. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, then a quarter ounce a day, aside from
Gordan Ortega: I mean, when I was doing
Gordan Ortega: I don't know. I
Gordan Ortega: Guess, yes, even when I was in prison. Yeah, okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: When was your last ingestion of a THC.
Gordan Ortega: I'm right before I went to bed so
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, that's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how much would you say to you, if there's a way to measure it. I don't know. But for me.
Gordan Ortega: I'm I smoke to about a gram
Gordan Ortega: I should find them or
Gordan Ortega: Maybe two grams.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't know any of the words. I'll just assume it's a no move on. Okay. Because if you don't know i'm not i'm not going to educate you on stuff we want to try and give you ideas.
Gwenevere Abriel: So ager first use of a barbiturate
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay client denies lifetime use of barbiturates age of first use of a benzodiazepine those would be the proud alum Xanax
Gordan Ortega: I'm not sure when I first took on it, but
Gordan Ortega: I guess I've taken Sonics on and off for at least a decade, decade. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying to get a sense of how much
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you
Gordan Ortega: Mean I was, I would add maybe half from
Gordan Ortega: The bar. The yellow bars are what two milligrams
Gordan Ortega: So take pray a milligram
Gwenevere Abriel: And wasn't
Gordan Ortega: What I was also prescribed as well so
Gwenevere Abriel: When we prescribe that
Gordan Ortega: I guess I was taking a gram milligrams a day.
Gordan Ortega: For anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to diagnose you with anxiety.
Gordan Ortega: It was a Dr. Krista St. Vincent de de Vargas Montana thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the name of the hospital. One more time.
Gordan Ortega: To Krista St Vincent's
Gordan Ortega: currently taking
Medication
Gwenevere Abriel: So your last year was, when do you suspect
Gordan Ortega: It was on February six to six.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever a time that you abuse that substance and took more than what was prescribed on the bottle.
Gordan Ortega: Um,
Gordan Ortega: I mean, when I was buying them on the street. I would take too much sometimes in black. Oh, OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are drinking also maybe I'm not sure.
Gordan Ortega: Know you could block out blackout Justin's me
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This was what, when are we thinking this happened. How old were you at this
Gwenevere Abriel: And any seizures associated with the benzo use
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies
Gwenevere Abriel: Last us looks like to six, we got that. Okay, let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stimulants
Gwenevere Abriel: first use of powder cocaine.
Gordan Ortega: Holly 16
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression from there.
Gordan Ortega: I'm
Gordan Ortega: doing quite a bit at that age, maybe
Gordan Ortega: Maybe a quarter ounce a week and then it progressed to smoking crack eventually when I was older and
Gordan Ortega: I haven't done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's nice. You're kind of getting the groove of this this this pattern of freshening
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay. Yeah, so forth. I'm a week. And so I kind of want to get a sense of the time period when it hit progress to crack about how old are you, is this the 26 to
Gordan Ortega: Know, I think I was already had tried to play like 918 or 19
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were doing it weekly though, I kind of want to know that period of time.
Gordan Ortega: around that age 1819
Gordan Ortega: Okay, and then probably again when I was like 2424 got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And last year's
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you identify as your drug of choice. Like, for some people, even though they're in this program on the northeast, they don't identify as that being their choice for a lot of people, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's math or it's something else. Or it's alcohol or something. I'll call for you, obviously. But what is your drug of choice.
Gordan Ortega: Probably heroin and meth mine. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we touched on actually those two. So that's right where we are. Let's go to the to the math right now. When did you first try that.
Gordan Ortega: In 2012
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression, like how much for you using
Gwenevere Abriel: After tried it.
Gordan Ortega: I'm probably maybe two tenths of a gram again.
Gordan Ortega: fluctuated much
Gwenevere Abriel: Much
Gordan Ortega: It's worth doing three grams a day maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: And last year's
Gwenevere Abriel: 630
Gordan Ortega: No, it's been Maurice in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any in the house now.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: About
Gwenevere Abriel: The methylphenidate you know the Ritalin and vibe and so natural and all that you
Gordan Ortega: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Your client denies lifetime governmental ongoing use of couple fun today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we talked about some stimulants. What about
Gwenevere Abriel: What about what about shrooms when you try those
Gordan Ortega: 16
Gwenevere Abriel: How did it progress from there.
Gordan Ortega: I was using it a lot. Been in high school and stuff, but since then I've maybe only done it once or twice, and I don't remember the years. Okay, gotcha.
What
Gwenevere Abriel: We're thinking in the last year.
Gordan Ortega: No, I mean maybe
Gordan Ortega: 2010 nothing. I didn't want
Gwenevere Abriel: And use when you were in high school a lot. Was it every weekend or daily or every month.
Gordan Ortega: For a while there we were doing them.
Gordan Ortega: On the weekend every weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any other hallucinogen any acid limitation.
Gordan Ortega: I tried us in one
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think of it.
Gordan Ortega: I didn't really care for
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other hallucinogens
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gordan Ortega: And what about things like
Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: With it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay. So you denies lifetime experimentation of
Gwenevere Abriel: huffing
Gwenevere Abriel: Cover
Gwenevere Abriel: Spice. You ever tried that.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah I smoked a while I was in prison.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any negative effects from that that you're aware of
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Gordan Ortega: The first time I tried it was I smoked too much I smoke like a blunt like I would smoke weed and I was like,
Gordan Ortega: An acid trip like 30 minutes but
Gordan Ortega: After that, when I was in prison. We weren't smoking those amount. So there's never anything extremely that
Gwenevere Abriel: And the years that we're talking about your life about like 30 to 3030
Gordan Ortega: I was in prison from 3233
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, did I miss anything.
Gordan Ortega: Ecstasy
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah. And you know what, I forget that one every time. Thank you. I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Usually have my list handy I'm going off memory here so you
Gwenevere Abriel: Add okay when you first try that one.
Gordan Ortega: I'm probably in 2004
Gordan Ortega: How did the US progress from there.
Gordan Ortega: I used it till 2009 and then I've only used it and then probably end even then it was only like on the weekend weekends are for certain occasions and then since then I've only done it a couple times on like certain occasions.
Gordan Ortega: But that's probably my drug of choice.
Gordan Ortega: Different nature, then I have enrolled and put like five years.
Gordan Ortega: At least maybe seven years. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
My stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop.
Gordan Ortega: Because it's more of a drug or you don't, can't really maintain on using like consistently. It's more something that you'll use like
Gordan Ortega: Maybe like on Chris like a not Christmas like New Year's or like your birthday or like certain occasions like that.
Gordan Ortega: I mean, even though I was taking it a lot more regularly than that. When I was at my peak of doing it, but it just takes a lot out of it takes a lot out of you, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gordan Ortega: heroin and meth. Don't, don't.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about your treatment history. I did hear the two two treatments. There was some
Gwenevere Abriel: You said detox at Santa Fe recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. So if you could just tell me maybe which years
Gordan Ortega: Once in 2018
Gwenevere Abriel: And those are like three, three to five days days.
Gordan Ortega: I think one was five days and bolts were about five days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other treatment. Besides, we talked about a hospitalization once and you're going to check out hoy for residential care any other treatment history with you.
Gordan Ortega: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll try.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you were in custody. Did you connect with anyone in any of the fellowship opportunities.
Gordan Ortega: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No sponsor for you.
I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to six which sections, a little bit here. You're doing great, actually this this assessments hard
Gwenevere Abriel: You've already seen me a group, you know, you know that it goes a lot more free flowing, but this one's a tough one. We got to get these answers. So let's go over to sort of psychiatric history.
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you been diagnosed with in the past.
Gordan Ortega: PTSD anxiety and depression.
Gordan Ortega: Then I guess probably
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Okay.
You can stay on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we already know we got
Gwenevere Abriel: Plenty.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of you have been hospitalized for wanting to hurt yourself like suicide.
Gordan Ortega: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about that again want to get a little clear in your lifetime. Have you ever had thoughts of wanting to end your own life.
Gordan Ortega: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was the earliest age you had those thoughts.
Gordan Ortega: Was only in the last two years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it get so far that you had a plan.
Gordan Ortega: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you carry out
Gordan Ortega: Tempted it multiple times.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was not through heroin apparently right
Gordan Ortega: Was to Aaron.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're backing up a little bit. Um, let's talk about twice you tried it. Okay. Right.
Gordan Ortega: Two times that I did two times and I ended up in the hospital. The that I ended up actually overdosing neither of those were intentional.
Gordan Ortega: All the times that I tried it. I never was successful, even though I did.
Gordan Ortega: 10 times the amount of times that I did end up overdosing
Gordan Ortega: I mean, I was taking the full doses just purposely to try to do that. But it wasn't. I guess my tolerance or the quality of the stuff or something, I don't know. Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so do you get a sense of when those where I know is over the last few years, you shared that this is a pretty important part, because I'm your, your therapist. Right. So I've got a really keep a close eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: On proximal that kind of thinking
Gordan Ortega: On the probably about a year ago was the last time.
And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anybody find you and help you
Gordan Ortega: Not really know
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about kind of the way your thoughts go nowadays.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you still have the thoughts then may not get all the way to planning content and action, but you still have
Gordan Ortega: I guess you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you have them. I'm going to want to know. I'm going to want to help you. You're going to want to like there's something really off if we're starting to feel suicidal or homicidal something's going wrong. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to need to reach out to me we get ourselves to a hospital we reach out to someone to try and help us.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's got to be off the list of options for solving the problem right permanent permanent solution to a temporary problem. So definitely, I want to know about it. I want to help you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's no good windows are there. There's definitely some phones aren't working. So let's let's touch base on
Gwenevere Abriel: These most recent ones did it stay right it just thinking, Are we starting to start to plan.
Gordan Ortega: Well, we've was that
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you starting to plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Word. Most recently, when you were having this negative thoughts. When did it get all the way to the plan or you were just staying with just the thoughts.
Gordan Ortega: On purchase the books. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move over to self injury. Some people will cut themselves, they'll burn their own skin in order to relieve psychic pain, the emotional pain is so uncomfortable that will try to relieve it through physical pain on that.
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: What about homicidal ideation any history.
Gordan Ortega: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Guys lifetime of self injurious behavior client denies lifetime homicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Plan intent or action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great. I know this is hard. Hang in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are taking you are currently prescribed um is it l m plan as a pan. What do you prescribed
Gordan Ortega: To have a pin.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. You did tell me that my error I do apologize. And what's the name of your prescribing doctor
Gordan Ortega: Was that was the doctor that I see here. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. All women or
Gordan Ortega: Okay, okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know the milligrams
Gordan Ortega: 300 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you on any other psychiatric medication.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been.
Gordan Ortega: Just those onyx
Gwenevere Abriel: Over to another category to do an outstanding. Were you ever adopted.
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are going to be saying, but for different people. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your mother living or deceased.
Gordan Ortega: Living
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she have a psychiatric or substance abuse. History
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: She have any medical illness that you're
Where
Gordan Ortega: She has a heart condition condition. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk a little bit about, can you see these
Gwenevere Abriel: Words on the screen. If I were to share them with you.
Gordan Ortega: Yes.
Gordan Ortega: So some of these words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of positive, some of them kind of people think they're, you know, they're pretty negative. Right now I'm showing you some
Words.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at these words and you think about the
Gordan Ortega: Quality of your relationship with your
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Close to selling any of those
Gordan Ortega: Close and fulfilling
Gordan Ortega: Loving reliable rewarding satisfying stable supportive
Gordan Ortega: Fragile
More I'll bring these down here a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me those neglectful punishing traumatic on faithful and satisfying chaotic controlling any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Same question. Your father is
Gwenevere Abriel: The senior living living psychiatric or substance abuse. History
Gordan Ortega: You're just smoke weed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any and there's no mental illness that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: On your mother or father side. Is there any history of anyone committing suicide or having schizophrenia or a psychotic disorder on either side of the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medical illness for dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality here on any of these words meet the quality of the relationship with your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: And any of these
Gordan Ortega: Abusive avoidant
Gordan Ortega: Well maybe neglectful now that you've been married
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about the relationship between each other so picture mother and father and the quality of the relationship member all those words that can be positive and negative. How would you, what words would you use
You don't
Gordan Ortega: You don't communicate or get along, know that their divorce.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes that's now but have had a relationship before. What was it like
Gordan Ortega: Um,
Gordan Ortega: I guess, growing up. It was okay for the most part, my dad worked as a firefighter. So you've gotten a lot
Gordan Ortega: And then he worked full time wasn't doing that so
Yeah, let's let's see if I can get some words for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that they were close. Do you think they were loving supportive
Gordan Ortega: loving and supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Any infidelity is where there are unfaithfulness
Gordan Ortega: Nothing you know nothing. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have any siblings.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, one brother.
Older
Gordan Ortega: Younger
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any psychiatric substance use history there.
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gordan Ortega: Smoke weed.
Gordan Ortega: And he's sure experimented with other drugs when he was younger. But now he just smokes weed and this does really well from so
Gordan Ortega: Maybe drink some beer here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who are you currently living with
Gordan Ortega: I'm living with a friend right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Children, there are animals.
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a friend.
Gordan Ortega: Is huge yes here's here's it's almost like a caregiver because he has serious
Gordan Ortega: Mental illness situations when it's like schizophrenia and he has all these homicidal ideation suicidal tendencies and he's had a really bad meltdown. This week, and he has a he was abused molested and
Gordan Ortega: Put into the foster care system. And he has a lot of issues and he's been really having a hard time in like a lot of stress on me as well. Yeah, because I stay with him so
Gordan Ortega: Just like a couple days ago we had a meltdown and I ended up having to leave. And I didn't really know where I was going to go. So we call that I have started seeing pick me up and let me go stay at her place. And I was able to come back over here last night, but
Gordan Ortega: It's still kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Difficult right are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you his caregiver sometimes right people earn a living doing
Gordan Ortega: No, not not legal. You're technically in budget.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you guys meet how you guys know each other.
Gordan Ortega: What's that you guys meet
Gordan Ortega: Um, I met him over 10 years ago when I was living in the same neighborhood with him. And I've known him ever since and kind of
Gordan Ortega: Informally, like he's kind of like in his
Gordan Ortega: Friends last week, it's kind of, it's more of a parental type of relationship as far as like he never really was.
Gordan Ortega: He doesn't know how to take care of himself and stuff like that.
Gordan Ortega: And it came in.
Gordan Ortega: I know that I could always have a place to stay. When I'm here with him, but it's kind of tough because he has substance abuse issues as well too. I actually got him signed up with bright heart health, though, so he's on the Suboxone program to, in doing so, to his name is Angelo Sanchez.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we just have to make sure
Gordan Ortega: I'm in a rough time
Gwenevere Abriel: Did Angelo is not assigned to my case and
That's all we need to get some
Gordan Ortega: With no conflict of interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're my client. So I need to protect you at all times. Okay. All right. All right, good care and thank you for sharing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Persevere here ever married
Gordan Ortega: No.
Oh, you're doing so.
Where were you born
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when your mother was pregnant with you, um, were there any forceps delivery prolong labor or normal as far as, you know,
Gordan Ortega: Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Any milestones that were delayed. Did you crawl on time talk on time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm gonna say some words to see say bring truth. Maybe your mom or your dad described you this anxious cranky.
Gwenevere Abriel: extrovert happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad withdrawn.
Gordan Ortega: Over a few
Gwenevere Abriel: Years.
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it normal outstanding just like school disorganized dyslexia.
hyperactive.
Gordan Ortega: I mean, I was
Gordan Ortega: I excelled in school until I got to high school and started and found
Gordan Ortega: Reading girls and then it started to
Gordan Ortega: Not it started affect my grades, but it was never for a lack of ability. I kind of got bored around that time because I was always
Gordan Ortega: It was kind of not challenging
Got it.
Gordan Ortega: Once all those other distractions showed up. I would just do what I the bare minimum, what I had to do to stay in sports in school and stuff, you know what, even I didn't really care about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have many friends close friends, few friends or teased by friends.
Gordan Ortega: Many friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Parents behavior where you are coming up when you were a young person they argue frequently in your presence. Did they get violent in your presence.
No number
Gwenevere Abriel: And we rounded as a child.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: He ever hit with a belt.
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gordan Ortega: One time
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's go over to abuse. History
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been physically abused.
Gordan Ortega: Know,
Gordan Ortega: What about sexually sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: People when they're young, they're touched by family member or family friend and appropriately.
No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about left alone to sort of fit for yourself feed yourself. Take care of your brother.
All by yourself.
Gordan Ortega: Um, I guess nothing out of the normal as far as that goes. When
Gordan Ortega: We're alone. Sometimes this stuff in the summer stuff, but nothing crazy
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad was working, what was your mom doing
Gordan Ortega: Working
Gwenevere Abriel: Working
Gordan Ortega: On
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever been.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you ever lit fires neat part of your history when you were younger fire setting or cruelty to animals.
Gordan Ortega: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever run away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Run away, did you run away from home.
Gordan Ortega: got kicked out when I was 16 and I just ended up like with my own apartment. The next week. And no, really, other than a couple of time between now and then when I was in between places. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How far did you get in school. Do you ever go back, get the GED.
Gordan Ortega: Oh no, I got kicked out of my house. I graduated high school. Okay. Thank you. Appreciate that clarification.
Gwenevere Abriel: So client has high school diploma any further education beyond that.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, like 130 credit hours in college.
Gordan Ortega: Degree for
Gwenevere Abriel: Criminal Justice type thing.
Gordan Ortega: What my education and coach.
Gordan Ortega: Know as Business admin.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no idea why I've heard that. That's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I checked.
And you
Gordan Ortega: Get
Gwenevere Abriel: On the telephone.
Gordan Ortega: Hear certain things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, do you consider your right now. Are you employed or unemployed.
Gordan Ortega: Unemployed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your financial status stable or unstable.
Gordan Ortega: Unstable
Gwenevere Abriel: You identify as heterosexual
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Oh, you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Single partner multiple partners.
Gwenevere Abriel: Single partner or multiple partners.
Gordan Ortega: Multiple
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of no
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in a romantic relationship now.
Gordan Ortega: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you're starting to see somebody when you think in general of your romantic history. Remember those words, those quality words I was using before abusive chaotic close consistent falling just an exploitive any of those words capturing the quality of your relationships.
Gordan Ortega: People have been close
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so no no abuse history. I'm in those romance.
Gordan Ortega: I've never had a girl and I've never really been abused by one
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, you already know the living arrangements which is said yes. And you said, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am one more time on the kids and other with their mother. Can I may have their gender and age. It's like first
Gordan Ortega: You know my oldest son's name is Jordan into 17
Gordan Ortega: Boy, my youngest, my youngest son is named Jaden and he is 13 one of them's in Rio Rancho and one of them's in Eldorado
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no idea how far away is that, like, an hour away.
Gordan Ortega: Rio Rancho is probably half an hour away and then Eldorado is probably an hour early
Gwenevere Abriel: Live with
Gordan Ortega: His mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
his grandparents.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you close to one of them close to both of them are both of them. There's
Gordan Ortega: There's i'm not talking
Gordan Ortega: I'm
Gordan Ortega: About two years.
Gordan Ortega: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't. Great. Well, these are hard, hard, especially that one, that one was hard for you. Okay. I gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we'll keep moving here.
Gordan Ortega: Like to work on music and stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, what part of the music like writing songs or what
Gordan Ortega: I'm my own. I own a promotion company in a record label. So I work on like putting together concerts and stuff like that in dealing with different artists and music production.
Production
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times in your life have you been arrested. What's your arrest history.
Gordan Ortega: Probably 50 or more
Gwenevere Abriel: 50 plus. Do they tend to all be a particular thing like possession charges or something.
Gordan Ortega: Majority of those are traffic or, you know, traffic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And how many if you had this much all the years together, how much
Gwenevere Abriel: Time. Have you done
Gordan Ortega: Maybe four years, three and a half years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of them for violent crime.
Gordan Ortega: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of them for possession to do
Gordan Ortega: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So denies violent crime. Some possession charges. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Done all the formal part to have a couple more questions that really make a difference in in working with clients for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think of your, your self esteem from zero to 10. Where are you at right now.
Gordan Ortega: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not sure if I on that number.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the self esteem. Okay, now. Oh.
So Jordan.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a therapist, not your counselor, not going to tell you how to live your life. Can't do it. You know how to live your life. Okay, I'm going to show up here when we schedule.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to give you an opportunity to have some therapeutic opportunity, whether it's inner personal or I might offer particular exercises that we could do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This type of therapy tends to work if you end up doing some big experiments like on your own. When you and I are not meeting, like let's say I teach you something, or we come up with a particular mantra.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you end up doing the exercises on your own. This this process works better.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So about. I can't tell you what to do. I mean, this is your life, you're going to, you're going to live it your way. But the whale phrase things as well say
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to invite you to consider this or that you have a choice, little shot or you don't. Okay, but I'm not going to tell you what to do. That's
Gordan Ortega: Not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact, I haven't even introduced myself.
Gordan Ortega: I just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Into this. I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist. I've had my license for about 20 years here in Florida and New Mexico, it'll be three years in June.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have been drawn to this field of substance abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost immediately just seeing it in so many families on it just seemed like here was my family on here was this couple and here was alcohol or here was this drug.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just seemed like there was a lot of it there and I became very curious and wanted to know more about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I use the phone only for scheduling doesn't mean you guys can send me messages. Let's say you were in distress member I told you, I want you to be able to reach out to me if you start to have suicidal thoughts. I want you to be able to reach out to me so you can be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm freaking out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or like, like a an emoji. That's like a freaked out and you can you can send it to me, but I'm not going to do psychotherapy through a text that's just like, not going to happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's too precious what you're going through is too important. And I'm going to want to meet with you in here in zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: So my text back might feel cold, but I'm not intending to adjust. I need to come in here and meet with you. OK. OK. I love the phone for scheduling. Notice how we've been able to go back and forth around when we meet, I want to continue to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Able to
Gwenevere Abriel: That so schedule appointments, often from them. The night before, if I can remember I'm pretty good at it, though. But sometimes I'll forget doesn't mean we're not meeting. It just means I forgot to send out a little message to folks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really important is
Your goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not what I want for you, but I want to help you with what you want in your life and you just think about the substance. See this part of it. What is your goal.
Gordan Ortega: To be clean.
Clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Clean like off of what
Gordan Ortega: Off of everything.
Gordan Ortega: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I right. I want to leave.
Gordan Ortega: Off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every, everything, but we'd. Does that sound like it's as close to exact as possible.
Gordan Ortega: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now thinking about. Remember we were talking earlier about having self harm thoughts. That's dipping into depression. That's dipping into thoughts and feelings that's in that mental health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Portion and that's where you and I will do much of our work. Now what I don't know is I don't know the depression piece has a lot to do with coming off of an amphetamine which, of course, everybody's going to be depressed all
Gwenevere Abriel: This has to do with something else. But when you think about what one of your goals is when it comes to mental health. Maybe it's I want to go back to school or
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to eat better, or I want to stop having panic attacks or it might be. I want to learn new coping skills, but for you. How would you define what a goal is when it comes to your sort of psycho spiritual
Gordan Ortega: Um, I think just becoming independent financially and as far as
Gordan Ortega: I'm
Gordan Ortega: Work and living situations and independent in independent from the diction and stuff will
Gordan Ortega: Be what will help my mental health and all that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you really see
Gwenevere Abriel: This course of your challenge very much on
Gwenevere Abriel: The drug
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, that's fantastic. So let's, um, you did great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, hard assessment. It wasn't kidding. Pause
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, we did great. So we don't want you to do it again. So when you do go into hoy, make sure you let me know so that we can get shipping.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's pick another time to meet the first 30 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to feel kind of intense. I will be meeting every week more I might be able to carve out time, but it would be really early morning or possibly on a weekend. I'm got this sort of full schedule right now and it's been a bit of a challenge to find time
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm really glad you made it today because it would be a challenge. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, let's see. So again, for these first 30 days, and if it turns out you're only with us for a couple weeks. I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's let's keep these appointments, let me know 24 hours in advance if you don't think you're going to make it. I'm an independent contractor, so I don't earn a living. When you're not here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't book anyone if if I don't hear maybe the day before so want to kind of
Gordan Ortega: Really good those commitments.
Gwenevere Abriel: I very rarely. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They'll just show up for you guys, I'll be here.
Gordan Ortega: Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have on the horizon, some work that you're planning on doing and I can be looking ahead to be thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he's going to want this time spot. Should I be kind of looking ahead and be thinking, oh, he's gonna like this wanted it eight in the morning or 10 in the morning or 12 like what tends to be a time you think you might want down the line.
Gordan Ortega: I'm cry for now. Later in the day until I start working just because I
Gordan Ortega: Tend to stay up late and sleeping later so
Gwenevere Abriel: I have other commitments in the second half of the day so I can carve out time in the first part, but it's it's almost impossible for me to go in the second half.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of my other obligations, but but but we're meeting now. And so we might be able to do that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: This next week is just a real challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: About one o'clock on March 12
Gordan Ortega: That'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And which group are you and again
Gordan Ortega: I'm
Gordan Ortega: 11am Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, see I just now I put you on a Thursday is what I need to
Change.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about we meet
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll make an exception. Just let's do this next Monday, which is coming right up. Let's meet march 9 at
Gwenevere Abriel: 3pm your time but Gordon, if I get a cancellation earlier in the day. I want to be able to
Gordan Ortega: Text me
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay, because this is this is rough. This is really going to be hard late in the day like this for me.
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, just text me if you can do it sooner than that. And if it has to be the morning I mean there's days when I am I'm up early, like that. You know what I mean, it's just
Gordan Ortega: Yeah, I don't want to be. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and will, if you do, again, once again, if you start to have that negative thinking. Please don't be shy.
Gordan Ortega: Just call me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Text me. You can also just jump right into virtual clinic and also right away. You can call bright heart health, everyone here wants you to feel better. We certainly don't want you to hurt yourself. Okay.
You want to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, his medication tied to today, meaning. Are you out of Suboxone and I messaged your physician and say he showed up for his appointment.
Gordan Ortega: I mean, I'm, I'm out. But I see her tomorrow so i i think tomorrow. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's about right. It should be bridge between each session just for a little while, that won't last forever. Once you kind of really get him in the therapy that'll change. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so I will see you on Thursday. I'm so glad you made it here today. I'm looking forward to working with you.
Gordan Ortega: Okay, so you'll see me.
Gordan Ortega: Tomorrow, when. What's the date.
Gordan Ortega: And then, and then on the ninth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And will confirm again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tomorrow I'll say out loud to the everyone you see me do it. I go hey we're meeting at this time. How about you. Yeah. What do you got
Gwenevere Abriel: It again because it's a lot. There's a lot of appointments float around so but yes right now march 9 at your time 3pm. And then, of course, we'll see you tomorrow.
Gordan Ortega: Okay, I'll see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so better
Gordan Ortega: You have a good day.